It wasn't killed by Du Feiyun
Why am I here? Stop jumping
Get out of here
The Du Chen consortium is facing a crisis
The old man made a will
Let you go back and inherit the family business
Wu Xinyue is wrong
his appearance
This is when I left the Du family 10 years ago
Since you left the Du Consortium
Sister-in-law's heart is empty
Sister-in-law, your pet leaked
What a pet
If you want to see
Go back and I'll let you take your time
Look at the shit and steal company finances
Obviously let me go back and take the blame, right?
What nonsense are you talking about, Yang Xinyue?
You are a sister-in-law
He actually colluded with Du Feiyun's illegitimate son
Designed to frame our Di system
Go ahead.
What is the deep hatred towards our Du family?
Now that you know
I'm not going to beat around the bush.
As long as you listen to me
I'll give you a sum of money as a reward when it's done
Otherwise, you also know the means of the Du family
Sister-in-law, it's useless for you to bully and lure me
Why don't you try something else?
You're crazy. I'm your sister-in-law
You are a survivor
What qualifications do you have to be my elder?
Du Chen, don't do this
You calm down
Sister-in-law, your sugar-coated shells have been called
I still have to eat the icing.
I'll shoot the cannonball out for you.
You let me go
You let it go
Loyal minister
You let me go